added docker usage guide and added explanation for #437 (#503)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/setups/postgis/README.md

# Postgis Docker 

Instead of setting up psql server on your local machine, you could use a 'postgis' Docker container as another option.

[hub.docker postgis image](https://registry.hub.docker.com/r/postgis/postgis/)

When you set it up, make sure you create a 'persistent data volume'. This means the data will stay safe, even if the container is stopped.
```shell 
docker volume create pg_data
```

> Next, you will need to run a specific command to start the 'postgis' Docker container. This command will include the username, the password, and the name of your database 'permaplant'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you will need to run a specific command to start the `postgis` Docker container.
This command will include the username, the password, and the name of your database `permaplant`.
```
